this is a web exclusive
you know it's the first day so it's
always going to be tough and new and
hard but we're going to go through it
get through it and produce a gorgeous
waltz you're gonna push through the heel
collect push sides collect up our first
session today dan and I were working a
lot of the basics waltz the rise and
fall using your heels adjusting our
height difference one two three one two
three the catch is crowned a lot in to
our first session it's been tough to
take it all in there were moments where
I felt a little bit overloaded joint
where my going so my face is just so
rigid and concentrated which one am i
doing back sorry this one I'm a hard
taskmaster I've always been my own worst
critic in anything that I've done why
shoulders down to relax relax damn it
needs to trust himself more he's really
self-conscious and he just needs to
learn to trust me and work hard